# Gt02 Remappable Engines
Have you ever wanted to open a tuning shop in Belasco City or maybe in Utah?
Maybe you had the will and money to do so, but you lacked the tools to do the job?
Well, this changes today!
This mod allows you to fine tune and map yours (or your customer's) car ECU.
With a simple web interface accessible from any browser (Although I reccomend Mozilla Firefox)

# Disclamer
This mod is NOT physically accurate in any way. It is just a kinda good approximation of a very complex and difficult to simulate problem.
However, I have and will try to keep things as close to a simulation as I can.

# Features
- Ignition timing tuning
- Injectors duty cycle tuning
- knock detection and on the fly correction
- Real time view
- More to come (See Planned Features)

# Installation
Copy the ```yourTunes``` folder in ```YourBeamNgUserDir/GameVersion/mods/```
This folder contains some really **BAD** (Sometimes the engines will knock themselves to death) base tunes for the 3.0 I6 Etk engine and the 1.6 DHOC Covet engine.

If you whish to change the default web interface port, create a file in ```yourTunes``` named ```tunerServerConfig.txt``` and write a line containing the desired ip address and port in the format ```ip:port``` in the ip part you can use your pc local ip address or ```localhost```. If you use ```localhost``` you will only be able to use the web interface from your pc.

# Usage
**Load the default tune on one of the default vehicles** (See base tunes list):
1. Create a configuration named ```tunable```
2. Select the mappable engine from the part selector
3. Update the configuration you previously created

**Create a new tune:**
1. Create a new configuration and name it as you prefer
2. Select the mappable engine from the part selector (The engine will stall) 
3. Update the configuration you previously created
4. Open the web interface (Default address is: ```http://localhost:9696/```)
5. Create your base tune or load one of the default ones
6. Click save and in the popup window navigate to the ```yourTunes``` directory, select the car you want to tune and open the folder with the configuration name you previously created
7. Save the file and reload the car by pressing ```R```

# Base Tunes List
- Covet 1.6 DHOC I4 (Custom engine)
- Etk 3.0 I6

# Planned features
- modify tune save/load to prevent overwriting the wrong file
- fix order in options tab
- tab the various maps and views to have a tidier interface
- add a real-time panel
- on the fly tuning (Saving the tune directly from the webpage instead of downloading a file)
- fix spacing between RPM columns
- add ve map
- add closed loop
- fix idle
- add cranking map
- add drive-by-wire throttle map
- add acceleration enrichment map
- simulate intake air temperature (IAT)
- add ignition timing retard based on engine temperature map
- add/fix support for turbocharger/supercharger and nitrous
- add boost map
- add supercharger clutch settings
- simulate pre-ignition
- add knock count and misfire map (autogenerated)
- add auto-adaptation (based on knock and misfire map) (maybe)
